## stream of conciousness

Web app coding agent that i can connect to from anywhere my desktop, laptop, phone. tailored to my needs and handles things like coding style, skills, etc. Also has a long memory so essenttially I just have a single very long conversation. requires manging the context like contiuum manages memory. it'll have to look at raw logs for the agent and then compress them into short-term and long-term memory. long-term memory should be searchable and short-term can be a compressed summary of recent sessions in full.

Side effects can be separated out like terminal output in its own container and changed files in another section. but i guess having the terminal output in-context is nice for readability.

I don't want to get caught up with making an IDE though. It's very easy to get to the point of wanting to edit the code in the browser, which isn't necessarily a bad thing, just something I don't want to focus on. I generally work with an editor on the side and i don't want to compete with that. Editing things is an option if its something focused, but I can't really think of any good examples of that right now.

This will be built off opencode so i'll need to explore what I get out of the box from that. Can I have subagents and stuff like that already? Can I implement something like `task-loop` from **continuum**? This needs to be investigated.

The really interesting thing for me for this project is more around the context management and memory. I want to be able to continuously throw things at this agent and it is just aware and is constantly learning from our interactions. this means background tasks that are constantly combing over the data generated by sessions and refining this knowledge. Like evolving coding standards, the history of the projects being worked on, etc. I spend too much time having to catch agents up on past information and yes there are skills, and AGENT.md but i don't want to have to think about maintaining it, things get out of date rapidly and i'd rather have that stuff just happen in the background and continuously be up to date. it would be aware of enough trim out outdated information as thing evolve.
